    BACKEND FOR BANK APP

1. Create a server folder - bankapp-backend
2. Create a package.json file - npm init
3. Install express - npm i express
4. Create index.js file
5. Using express create server application - const server = express()
6. Setup port number - server.listen(5000,()=>{})
7. Install cors - npm i cors
8. Cors - Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
   It is an HTTP-header based mechanism implemented by the browser which allows a server or
   an API(Application Programming Interface) to indicate any origins (different in terms of protocol, hostname, or port) other than its origin from which the unknown origin gets permission to access and load resources. The cors package available in the npm registry is used to tackle CORS errors in a Node.js application.
9. Use cors in server application
10. Resolve the API Requests

11. What is JWT (JSON Web Token)?
    JWT refers to JSON Web token. It’s a token in string form validated and generated by a web server. This string-based token helps in communicating between the client and the server.User information is sent to the client like username and password using an HTTP POST request to the webserver.Web server identifies the user information and creates a token and send it back to the client. Client store that token into local storage or a session and also set it to the header.
    On the next HTTP call, that token is verified by the server, and web server returns the response to the client.

    Angular 16 JWT User Authentication Example
    User can sign-in
    User can register or sign-up
    Store user data on MongoDB database.
    Creating Angular service to handle user auth API.
    Hide certain menu item based on authentication state
    Restrict user to access user profile page when the user is not logged-in.
    Store JWT token in local storage to manage the user session in Angular
    Store password in mongoDB Database using the password hash method with bcryptjs.
    Generate a JSON web token when a user logs in and store that token in a authorization header using HttpInterceptor class.

    installation - npm i jsonwebtoken
    generate token - sign()
    using jwt ,generate token for user who login successful
    import jwt into logic.js file

12. What is Node.JS?
    Node.JS is an open-source as well as JavaScript runtime environment. As it supports cross-platform, you can run Node.JS anywhere, whether it is Windows, Linux, or macOS. Node.JS is a platform that runs on the JavaScript engine.

    By using Node.JS, you can build dynamic page content. Also, you can open, close, read, write, modify, create and delete files on the server.

    Know that all APIs of Node.JS are asynchronous. In other words, they are non-blocking APIs. Node.JS is an asynchronous event-driven runtime environment with which you can develop scalable network applications.

    Node.JS uses a single-threaded model, but at the same time, they are highly scalable. What’s more! They don't buffer any data, but they release data in chunks.

13. Middleware in Node.JS
    Middleware Node.JS is a function that plays a vital role in the request-response lifecycle of Node.JS execution. Using middleware functions, you can run any code and easily change response and request objects. Not only that, you can end the request-response lifecycle if you want and run the following middleware function using the next function. This blog delves deep into middleware, its importance, middleware in Node.JS, its types, and many others.
    Middleware is the layer that exists between the application components, tools, and devices. With middleware, you can simplify connectivity between the components. Node.JS middleware plays a prime role in the request-response lifecycle of Node.JS execution.

    There are many types of node.JS middleware, such as application-level, router-level, built-in, error-handling, and third-party middleware.
    Middleware simplifies software development
    It controls connections between application components
    No doubt, it is a cost-effective tool for managing multi-cloud resources.
    It plays a crucial role in load balancing, concurrent processing, and transaction management.
    With middleware, you can make secured access to back-end resources such as storage, databases, etc.
    It supports authentication functionalities on a greater scale
    You can enhance rendering performance for client-side significantly
    By using middleware, you can easily set HTTP headers

    What is the Next ( ) Function?
    The next ( ) function plays a vital role in applications' request and response cycle. It is a middleware function that runs the next middleware function once it is invoked. In other words, the Next function is invoked if the current middleware function doesn’t end the request and response cycle.

    types of middlewares
    ->application level middleware -
    application-level middleware focuses on authenticating users. Once the authentication request is received, the authentication middleware invokes authentication code logic.If the authentication is successful, the rest of the route is progressed with the help of the next function.
    On the other hand, if the authentication is unsuccessful, there is no progress in the route, and the middleware releases error messages.

    ->Router-level Middleware -
    This middleware works in the same way application-level middleware works. By using the express. router ( ) function, this middleware supports creating and managing instances. Moreover, you can load router-level middleware with the help of the router.use ( ) function as well as router.METHOD ( ) function.
